yeah
what in God's name where we
thinking I swear that comes a
point we have to draw the line
and I think we passed that
somewhere in between
he's crawling up my camera man's
leg and me screaming like a 12
year old girl i am in the
foothills in Uganda with keep
wanna my goal is to find out if
I can survive as a beekeeper the
process of getting ready to go
into the app . is to put on a
beekeeper suit the next steps
not having a heart attack
oh that's cool what is this loop
I am horrified abused so I
thought the only way to actually
overcome this fear is to walk
into a beehive with millions of
bees fun come out alive
so Rob is crossing the river
right now to get away from the
bees
I got a thing on my nose that
this night is not meant to keep
the beast from stinging you
it's just to keep the bees are
getting into the suit your work
could be a beekeeper
unquestioned leader and my last
time is a beekeeper
wow that's beautiful
yeah
more that is we just have a seat
there
not only did we find a puppy but
we found arguably one of the
cutest puppies in the world had
been abandoned